What is JWT JSON Web Token ?
    It is a self contained way to securely transmit data and information between two parties using a JSON Object
    JWT can be trusted because each JWT can be digitally signed, which in return allows the server to know if the JWT has been changed at all.

JWT Structure
It created by three separate parts separated by dots(.) which include:
Header.Payload.Signature
aaaaa.bbbbbb.cccccc

JWT Header
    JWT header usually consist of two parts:
        "alg": The algorithm for signing
        "type": The specific type of Token
    {
        "alg": "HS256",
        "typ": "JWT"
    }

    The JWT Header is then encoded using Base64 to create the first part of JWT (a)

JWT Payload
    A JWT Payload consist of the data. The Payloads data contains claims, and there are three different types of claims.
    These claims include:
        - Registered - Claims that are pre-defined, recommended but not mandatory
            Top three Registered Claims are -
                iss - issuer (This claims identifies the principle that issued the JWT)
                sub - subject (This holds statements about the subject). The subject value must be unique globally. Think of it as an ID of JWT
                exp - expiration time of token. This make sure the current time is before the JWT expiry time.
                        Always make sure there is some type of default expiration date attached to the JWT.
        - Public - Include name,email
        - Private
    {
        "sub": "1234567890",
        "name": "Eric Roby",
        "given_name": "Eric",
        "family_name": "Roby",
        "email": "codingwithroby@gmail.com",
        "admin": True
    }
    The JWT Payload then encoded using Base64 to create the second part of JWT (b)

JWT Signature
    A JWT Signature is created by using the algo mentioned in the header to hash out the encoded header, encoded payload including an additional secret.
    The secret can be anything, but is saved somewhere on the server that the client does not have access to.
    HMACSHA256(
        base64UrlEncode(header) + "." + base64UrlEncode(payload),secret
    )
    The Signature is the third and final part of a JWT (c)

All these combined to make the JWT string. This string is completely unique to the client based on the authentication of the user that has logged in.
When working with a JSON web token, the requester usually sends a token in the authorization header using the Bearer Schema
"Authorization" = {
    Bearer: token
}